Update contributions-without-ticket.md (#390)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/getting-started/contributions-without-ticket.md

---
title: "Contributions Without Ticket"
date: 2019-10-11T15:44:36-02:00
weight: 1
subsection: Getting Started
---

Contributions for minor corrections and improvements without a corresponding `Help Wanted` ticket are welcome. For example, a pull request for a bug or incremental improvement, with less than 20 lines of code change, is usually accepted if the change to existing behaviour is minor.

All pull requests submitted without a corresponding ticket will first be reviewed by a core team product manager. Some examples of minor corrections and improvements include:

- [Fix a formatting error in help text](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/pull/5640)
- [Fix success typo in Makefile](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/pull/5809)
- [Fix broken Cancel button in Edit Webhooks screen](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/pull/5612)
- [Fix Android app crashing when saving user notification settings](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile/pull/364)
- [Fix recent mentions search not working](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/pull/5878)

> **Note:** Core committers who review the PR are entitled to reject it if they feel it significantly changes behavior or user expectations. If this is the case, a `Help Wanted` ticket may be opened by the core team. This helps ensure that everything going into the project aligns with a unified vision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** For pull requests greater than 20 lines of code, `Help Wanted` ticket should be opened by the core team. This helps ensure that everything going into the project aligns with a unified vision. Core committers who review the PR are entitled to reject it if there isn't a `Help Wanted` ticket and feel it significantly changes behavior or user expectations.```
